[Autogenerated] AWS has a number of ways to store secrets
that you can access from other AWS services.
I'll give you a very quick explanation of the two most common ones.
The first is a parameter store, and that's part of the AWS systems manager.
The systems manager is a centralized location for performing a
lot of operational tasks for your services.
Parameter store is just one of the many capabilities in there,
and the primaries stored lets you store configuration
information as key value pairs.
It's a fairly simple solution, and it's accessible by way of a P eyes.
The second option is the A.
W s Secrets manager.
This is its own service,
as opposed to being under the umbrella of the systems manager.
You can store secrets in there, but there are additional management features.
Here's a high level comparison of those two options.
The first point is cost.
There's no additional charge for using the parameter store.
However,
The Secrets manager has a pay as you go plan where there is a storage
fee for each secret per month as well as bulk rates.
If you have 10,000 or more secrets and secrets,
Manager is not included in the free tier,
so you do pay for every single secret.
I could probably stop right there because that alone is
enough to ensure will be using the Systems Manager parameter
store for our sample application.
Both options are key value stores.
Both are securely stored with encryption, but the secrets manager does have more features for managing your secrets.